The world ended when Blockbuster went out of businessBlockbuster is truly historic. I was selling game passes in 2002 for games on dvd. I loved working there. There is no experience like working at a Blockbuster by the major film school in Philadelphia.As a Blockbuster employee, I never paid for a movie rental. My coworker would scan the video, but not the barcode and hand it off to me.Essay On Blockbuster
773 Words * 4 Pages
Blockbuster video had first opened its doors on October 19, 1985 in Dallas, Texas. Founded by Wayne Huizenga and David Cook.Sabado de rentar peliculas en BlockBusteri miss blockbuster so bad. i used to go to their games section and get the gamecube and n64 games and play with my mom and dad 😭literally my life got worse without itWhen I worked at Blockbuster Video, a customer brought in a video tape and said "I didn't rent THIS!" My coworker put the tape in the VCR that played on all the screens in the store. An off shift coworker said "WHAT THE FUCK?!" I looked up and saw a porn on ALL the screens, a BJ.Do we have to go thru another "the last Blockbuster" this year? If it wasn't corporate Blockbuster then it's not really that last brick and morter Blockbuster. Blockbuster just stayed with the times and changed their format and is w Dishwtf Blockbuster trending bruhI see people are talking about Blockbuster again.

They were okay, but if you had a good independent video store nearby, they could be far better.

I remember how late Blockbuster was to starting DVD rentals for example. The indi places started renting those right away.People really shit their pants about Blockbuster as if they weren’t part of the generation that put it out of business lolIn wanna throw a party in an emptied out Blockbuster. That would be dope afFound out the last standing Blockbuster is a mere 2 hours away from UO. I’m going to thriveKind of a trip to realize that I grew up in Dallas in the 1970s and 1980s and thus was among the first Americans to see Monty Python (first aired in the US on a Dallas PBS station), eat at Chilis (founded in Dallas), and get videos from Blockbuster (founded in Dallas).going through @blockbuster posts and cryingY'All Fucking With Blockbuster‼️I am pretty sure the @BuffaloSabres problem is because they went from black, white, and red; to @blockbuster colors.dude seeing blockbuster trending is bringing me some memories back i loved that place when i was really youngMy opinion on Blockbuster is that I don’t have one. True to form, I only ever went in a Blockbuster once, and that was just to see a physical copy of PUPPET MASTER: THE LEGACY, which was a Blockbuster exclusive. Had there been one closer, I’m sure I’d be nostalgic too.People who complain that Blockbuster drove mom &amp; pop video stores out of business, what do you think Tower Records &amp; Barnes and Noble did? And yet we’re still nostalgic for them as well-in fact Colin Hanks has a whole ass documentary about Tower Records that everyone should see.sometimes I miss going to a Hollywood Video or Blockbuster, then I remember the arguments with my husband when trying to agree on 3 movies to rent for the weekend.Being nostalgic for Blockbuster is like being nostalgic for Walmart. Just because this hurts your feelings, it doesn’t make it any less true.i remember what the inside of blockbuster smelled likeBlockbuster needs a come up!#Blockbuster sucked, seriously. Went into towns killing those great mom &amp; pop video stores. 

Plus the selection of movies sucked.Who still has their Blockbuster card? 🙋🏻‍♀️tonight i’m emotional that blockbuster is no longer with us &lt;/3#GodzillaVsKong (@GodzillaVsKong) Completed MASSive 25th Day in MADURAI City Today At 2 Centres (4 Shows) 🔥 BLOCKBUSTER Run Continues Despite 2 Back To Back Big Releases (#Sulthan &amp; #Karnan) 🎯 Huge Profitable HOLLYWOOD Movie in Recent Years.

#Master #Thalapathy65 @ActorVijayboomers talking about blockbuster and how "today's kids don't know how exciting it was to go buy stuff" man.Let people be nostalgic over things!Looking back on fond memories you had with Blockbuster &amp; the company being horrible aren’t mutually exclusive.It was such a treat to go into Blockbuster and rent a movie as a kid. 🥺I miss standing in line for a big blockbuster movie at the theaters. I remember when Dreamgirls came out and the line was so long and both theaters they were showing it in were sold out. I miss shit like thatகர்ணன் biggest blockbuster 2021 🤫

#KarnanBlockBusterSo this Hollywood v Blockbuster conversation is making me think back to the 2 months I worked at one of the best video stores back home, the original Thomas Video in Clawson, and how Back Then it was that they had adult films (sep room, green dots) &amp; teenaged me got handed them..Blockbuster &amp; Hollywood Video trending reminds me of a rental chain growing up called Mr. Movie. However, suddenly one day half the Mr. Movie locations became Miss Movie. Turned out, Mr. &amp; Ms. Movie got divorced &amp; she got half the stores.

I think about this a lot.I worked at Blockbuster and we had the ability to wipe out late fees. I wiped out countless late fees for people who were cool, only assholes paid late fees at my till.Honestly, I have nostalgia for Blockbuster too. It was the main video rental store we went to as a kid &amp; I liked being able to rent N64 games from there. In middle school it was also where I bought monthly Shonen Jump.MMA is such a crazy sport. We owe a lot to these guys and what they do for our entertainment. I’ve been a fan since you had to rent VHS tapes from Blockbuster video. I’m so grateful that most of that Saturdays of the year we get to watch these warriors work. #UFCVegas24 #UFC #MMARemember blockbuster my sister and I took turns renting things or something and I wanted pikman for the wii but they closed and I never played pikman but it looks boring so I don't think it matterso conceito de filme desvalorizado pra vcs é realmente blockbuster da Marvel que passa todo domingo na globo?Can my government taxes start going to reopening blockbuster and Toys R Us?We didn't have a Blockbuster in my town. We had Family Beverage. It was a liquor store (for the family!) and had a pretty good video rental sectionI don't get the nostaliga largely behind blockbuster probably because we had direct tv and just recorded everything onto tapes when there was free hbo weekends lolI'm watching #ATeacher on #Hulu.

When you were in #school or #college, did any of your #teachers ever #flirt, mess around, or have #sex with you?

#vitaminwater #UFCVegas24 #EnvyOnLifetime #TrillerFightClub #SignsYoureMiddleAged #JakePaul #Svengoolie #Blockbuster #ATeacherI ordered a shirt from the last Blockbuster in Oregon about 3 weeks ago and its still not here. I'll give it a month before I call. I bet they are overloaded with merch sales. Really wish I could to it in person.the blockbuster nostalgia discourse is funny to watch as someone who never had blockbuster kind of money as a kid and projects all that love and remembrance onto public libraries. literally the same allure of finding a hidden treasure dvd, but completely for freere: blockbuster

I forgot who said it, but i think of this a lot 
“You dont miss blockbuster, you miss the video store experience”Hollywood Video &gt; Blockbusterfilm twitter just refuses to stop being annoying as fuck about people feeling nostalgic for blockbusterThe Orange Years, a documentary about the rise of Nickelodeon, is on Hulu and pretty great.

Better than The Last Blockbuster for sure.Former employees have a far different type of nostalgia for Blockbuster.I mentioned Blockbuster in my stream and now Blockbuster is trending wow I just have that power huh guess I need to mention Kiddy Kong more.Blockbuster was the worst job I’ve ever had. The best part was renting movies for free. I worked at the one on Westend across from Vandy! 🥴Blockbuster was cool but that small indie rental place with the porn selection was where it was at. Lol.hey gamers i live next to the last blockbusterA new series of blockbuster movies called "Fast and Furries" where it's like Fast and Furious but furry and not furiousBlockbuster and Netflix are great, not better than the movies I see here all the time.So much Twitter nostalgia for Blockbuster but I was always a Rogers Video girl. I even worked there at 16...I have no fond memories of Blockbuster. I wouldn’t mind visiting the old Odyssey Video in LA though.Are streaming services more convenient and varied in their content? Absolutely. But the thrill of victory in talking your annoyed parents into taking you to Blockbuster so you could rent Krull or Secret of Mana for the 100th time was a joy kids today will never have...Congratu-fucking-lations to people who didn’t go to Blockbuster growing up like the rest of us losers. Have a blessed Saturday!Guys, Blockbuster sucked. That's why y'all stopped going to that shit the first second you had a chance.*Sees Blockbuster trending*

I have so many great memories at Blockbuster, but also so many bad memories there.

Great = The floating cloud of bliss on a Friday night traversing the isles finding the best movie.

Bad = The $14 late fee for being 4 hours late.I miss the lit Friday nights we used to have going to Blockbuster. 

@Ash007Truth, @iheart_nyatl, @Realdarthman301Me: Blockbuster is trending. I miss Blockbuster. Nostalgic for those days of browsing the aisles of Blockbuster looking for the perfect movie to watch.

Twitter: So dumb! Who cares?! Blockbuster ran so many mom&amp;pop video stores out of business!

Let people fucking enjoy things.#NowWatching The Last BlockbusterToday is the double header of #IPL2021 💥♥️🏏 #RCBvsKKR #DCvsPBKS Blockbuster Sunday 🏏
#IPLT20 @IPLPeople are seriously reminiscing about blockbuster?
I get it but it suuucked.

Wander around.  Only movie you all would watch is out of stock.  Maybe even the 2nd or third choice on a busy night.

Standing in line.  Limited selection.

It was OK for the time but.Forget Blockbuster. 

All that mattered growing up was Prime Time Video and Video Update.
 
#WMBG #VA #iykykI have no major love for Blockbuster, but I have fond memories of the local Mom &amp; Pop video rental in my tiny town. It operated out of the back of the corner grocery and when I was a kid, they had Sega Genesis games too. It was so rad.An absolute BLOCKBUSTER scoop! James Patterson is going to apply for the British nonsense series, Bake Off after hearing Sharon Duncan Brewster is training to become the world's fastest @SUBWAY sandwhich artist!I used to buy my Fangoria’s from Blockbuster, but I’d flip through in the store and picking out the great and terrible movies in its pages. I miss it so bad. I miss renting movies.While Blockbuster is trending, I just need to let y'all know that I worked there the summer of 2008. I got the job despite failing the ethics prescreening because I had completed one year of college. It was a terrible summer, but I watched a lot of movies.Man, 1995-2002 was peak Blockbuster for me. So so many PS1 and N64 games rented by me and my friends. I also must’ve rented Halloween 4 a bajillion times during that time frame. What a time to be alive then!yo fuck Blockbuster, it's all about Diego's Video. IYKYK 😤Only 90s kids will remember Blockbuster !Awww the Blockbuster doc on Netflix is cute!I want blockbuster backNetflix had the audacity to commit genocide on Blockbuster and then come out with shit line ups and originals that no one asked for...I see people bashing others for remembering Blockbuster in a good light. 

Blockbuster was my childhood. 

We couldn’t afford to buy stuff especially new movies and video games. But the feeling of going into a Blockbuster and being able to pick what I wanted was the best.LRT i can literally smell those pictures - loved walking into my local blockbuster soley cuz it always had such a unique smell that i really loved askfbjakMy mom only went to Hollywood video to rent movies when i was younger. I couldn’t tell ya anything about blockbusterpeople talk about netflix killing off blockbuster like netflix wouldn't be long gone too if they had just kept mailing dvd's in little paper sleeves and not adaptingyea we didnt go to blockbuster we went to Hollywood videosAs a millennial I don't quite get the obsession with Blockbuster either. But I also think Blockbuster's nostalgic value depends on your age during its heyday, and whether or not you were the kind of kid / teen that enjoyed movies as a pastime. 

I did not. I was a book worm.Would give anything for the feeling of wandering through a Blockbuster rnMy family couldn’t rent from Blockbuster thanks to too many late fees, so to me Blockbuster was the perfect encapsulation of being poor: something so close yet out of reach, a constant reminder of our social status and how we couldn’t enjoy the same things everyone else wasJust watched blockbuster doc. Christina and my first date blockbuster was apart of it of course. But thinking about it we spend as much time trying to stream a movie as we did in a blockbuster walking the isles because the top 5 movies were always rented out by Thursday!!!!The Last Blockbuster on Netflix is great. Made me miss the thrill of going to Blockbuster.Don't forget that if you forgot to return your videos, Blockbuster would send that shit to your credit report.

Imagine not getting a home loan because you forgot to bring back Sister Act 2I thought Blockbuster ruled as a kid. And  Hollywood Video and Family VideoIf I have kids I think they will see polar bears, but I'll have the privilege to tell them I saw a real life blockbuster as a child before they went extinctMy professor just went semi-viral on this app because he shared an opinion about Blockbuster. 

Sigh. Tough crowd.i miss blockbuster more than anythingDid we finally kill blockbusterI’m sick of hearing about the fall or blockbuster it’s not a major holidayI remember walking into a Blockbuster to rent a couple movies. I ended up picking Psycho wearing my Norman Bates School of Hotel Management shirt. 🤦‍♀️ #imissblockbusterI want to take a road trip to the last Blockbuster on the planet 🙋🏾‍♀️you got to say if Jake Paul gets through tonight's test, that he's one of the most exciting young fighters coming through today - and should be setting his sights on a blockbuster against Canello. #jakePaulvsBenAskrenHave you ever had a #bad #experience with a #police #officer?

#vitaminwater #UFCVegas24 #EnvyOnLifetime #TrillerFightClub #SignsYoureMiddleAged #JakePaul #Svengoolie #Blockbuster